with the ability to handle e-smoke
almost any vintage Eleanor at the
stoplight or at the racetrack
this 2007 Sanderson Mustang is the
perfect car for any enthusiast who wants
to go fast and look good doing it
Sanderson's customs and conversions is a
small company in Pilot Point Texas that
builds limited-edition tribute cars that
have the serious performance to back up
their killer good looks for the 2007
year Sanderson released 50 Elinor
tributes just like the one you see here
through their premier dealer Amira Ford
in Thornton Colorado and now one owner
later this trophy-winning muscle car
joins our RK motor Charlotte showroom as
one of the coolest modern Mustangs we've
ever offered as a turnkey package this
reliably engineered Sanderson Mustang
already featured a polished saline
supercharger topping Ford's 4.6 liter v8
with 5 pounds of boost and cranking out
a solid 430 rear-wheel horsepower but as
with its body the car's owner decided to
turn better and the best by adding a
smaller pulley and a new intake manifold
dialing boost pressure up to 8 psi and
now making over 500 horsepower to the
rear wheels Celine's famous high
efficiency supercharger breezed through
a custom saline air intake that cinched
to a Ford Racing throttle body ceramic
coated Sanderson headers Rebelo billets
anderson shot covers that secured a
pepper grate our brace in an attractive
carbon-fiber radiator shroud adds a
little bit of form to a whole lot of
function
pop open the scissor lift doors on this
super cool Mustang and you'll find a
cockpit that features many small but
tasteful upgrades the factory bucket
seats features standard power adjustment
and heated bottoms under thick leather
sanderson covers that feel like they
just rolled out of an upholstery shop an
attractive Mustang - props a seamless
Auto Meter gauge pod above carbon fiber
panels a push-button ignition switch and
a factory Ford navigation system that
incorporates a great-sounding CD changer
a satin finished short throw shifter
pops a white cue ball shift knob above
more great-looking carbon fiber trim a
billet aluminum emergency brake handle
and console mounted controls for the
three level air suspension if you're one
of those enthusiasts who like to show
your car on Friday and tear up some
pavement on Saturday this limited
edition Mustang was built for you for
more information on this awesome late
model mustang and many others call click
or visit arcade motor Charlotte dot-com
you